Add protobuf subprotocol (#189)
Azure/azure-webpubsub: docs/concepts/service-internals.md

<a name="pubsub_client"></a>

### The PubSub WebSocket client

> The service also supports a list of specific subprotocol includes `json.webpubsub.azure.v1` and `protobuf.webpubsub.azure.v1` which empowers the clients to do publish/subscribe directly instead of a round trip to the upstream server. We call the WebSocket connection with these subprotocol a PubSub WebSocket client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service also supports a list of specific subprotocols includeing `json.webpubsub.azure.v1` and `protobuf.webpubsub.azure.v1` which empowers the clients to do publish/subscribe directly instead of a round trip to the upstream server. We call the WebSocket connections with these subprotocols PubSub WebSocket clients.
```
